A few days ago, United Way forms were sent to all departments and centers in the College to be distributed to each employee.  The President뭩 Office has forwarded a letter co-authored by President Brogan and Kristen Murtaugh, Chair of the United Way Campaign for Palm Beach County.  The letter is attached.  In case you cannot open the attachment, I have cut and pasted the letter below.  It is also available on the Y Drive, titled Campaign Letter Ask.doc.

 

Thank you,

Colleen

----

Colleen Glazer

Executive Secretary

Dean's Office

College of Engineering & Computer Science

297-3426

glazer@fau.edu

 

Dear FAU Colleague:

 

The FAU community뭩 generous support of the annual United Way campaign is deeply appreciated and enables the University to make a major contribution to the delivery of very real benefits to people in need here in South Florida.  We뭨e coming to you today to ask for your participation in the 2006-07 campaign, which got under way on November 27 and will run through December 15.

 

United Way organizations work hard all year long in critically important areas of human service:

 

         Providing food and shelter and meeting emergency needs

         Improving the future of children and families

         Fostering youth development

         Improving the lives of seniors

         Promoting independence for people with disabilities

         Promoting health and wellness

 

While some of the multitude of services provided by the United Way and its member agencies are well known, others are not.  Did you know, for example, that through its Prosperity Campaign the United Way of Palm Beach County helps low-income working families move toward greater economic stability, higher earnings and home ownership? Or that economically disadvantaged children in need of orthodontic care can get the professional services they need through the United Way-affiliated Virginia Brown Orthodontic Program?  Did you know that the United Way of Broward County assists teens with their transition from foster care into adulthood and self-sufficiency through the Transitional Independent Living Program?  Or that the United Way of Martin County provides 40,000+ essential back-to-school items to about 7,000 Martin County students in need?

 

Every year the United Way reaches more and more people of all ages, touching lives and changing futures.  We뭨e so proud that the FAU family has a long history of supporting the annual United Way campaign, and we뭨e confident that this year will produce another demonstration of how much we care about others in our community. Thank you in advance for your valued support of this worthwhile campaign to fund a broad array of human services. Pledge cards should be sent to Karen Campbell Miller, President뭩 Office, Admin 315, Boca Raton campus.  Once again, thank you for caring.

